## Seed code - Boilerplate for step 7 MessageService - Activity Stream Assignment

### Problem Statement

In this case study Activity Stream Step 7 - MessageService, We will write main class for spring boot Application, configuration class, model class, repository class, service classes and interface, logging aspect.

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Add relevant dependencies in pom.xml file. 
        Note: Read the comments mentioned in pom.xml file for identifying the relevant dependencies.
    Step 2: Create Schema MessageServiceDB.
    Step 3: Write code for model class(i.e Message).
    Step 4: Write code for MessageRepository.
    step 5: Go thru MessageService methods Don't change any method.
    step 6: Implement MessageService methods in MessageServiceImpl class.
    step 7: Write code for MessageController class.
    step 8: Write the code for JwtFilter in config package.
    step 9: Write code for logger in LoggingAspecMessage.java class consider all methods in controller classes.
    step 10: Write code for logger in LoggingAspectMessageService.java class consider all methods in Service classes.
    step 11: Go thru MessageServiceSpringBootApplication.java class.
    step 12: Run MessageControllerTest.java class.
    step 13: Run Spring boot application (i.e Run As -> spring boot app).
    
### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Project
	|
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream
	|	    └── MessageServiceSpringBootApplication.java      // Spring boot's main class
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.aspect
	|	    └── LoggingAspectMessage.java                  // This class is responsible to generate the log reports
	|	    └── LoggingAspectMessageService.java
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.config	           
	|	    └── JwtFilter.java                       // This class implements the custom filter by extending org.springframework.web.filter.GenericFilterBean. 
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.controller
	|		└── MessageController.java               // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to Messages and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.model
	|		└── Message.java                         // This class will be acting as the data model for the Message Table in the database.
	|		└── UserTag.java                         // This class will be acting as the data model for the UserTag Table in the database.
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.repository
	|		└── MessageRepository.java               // This class is implementing the JpaRepository interface for Message
	|		└── UserTagRepository.java               // This class is implementing the JpaRepository interface for UserTag
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.service
	|		└── MessageService.java                  // This interface contains all the behaviours of MessageRepository
	|		└── MessageServiceImpl.java              // This class implements the MessageRepository interface. This class has to be annotated with @Repository annotation.
	├── com.stackroute.activitystream.test           // All the test case classes are made available in this package
	|		└── CircleControllerTest.java
	├── src/main/resources
	|		└── application.yml                 // This file contains all the properties for Database Connectivity
	|		└── logback.xml                     // XML file for configuring the logs
	├── .classpath			                    // This file is generated automatically while creating the project in eclipse
	├── .hobbes   			                    // Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	├── .project			                    // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	├── pom.xml 			                    // This is a default file generated by maven, if this file is removed your project will not get recognised in hobbes.
	└── PROBLEM.md  		                    // This files describes the problem of the assignment/project, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file

> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however if need to be customizing, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> spring boot app to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.